this is the ricoh aficio see 3002
running the paper cut MF embedded
application in this video we'll be
running through the basics of using the
reco including authenticating using the
basic copy of functions using the print
release queue and paper cuts find me
printing as well as charging to shared
accounts we start here at the paper cut
authentication screen the reco supports
multiple authentication methods such as
username and password as well as swipe
card authentication the reco here has
already been set up with cut
authentication and I've already
associated this card with my account of
the copier by using paper cuts card self
Association after swiping the card I'll
be logged in and taken in to the paper
cut application now our usage of this
device will be tracked controlled and
charged accordingly by paper cut the
device here has been set up with a
secure print release you so users can
quickly release their jobs at the copier
the documents listed here are my jobs
are waiting release by selecting the
print all button I can release all of my
jobs immediately I can also release jobs
individually by first selecting the
document and then either selecting print
or cancel paper cut also displaced
supplementary information about the job
here my user here has been allowed to
charge to share to cancel departments
when using the copiers basic functions
the accounts available are dependent on
your Active Directory membership I have
the option to select from my personal
account an account such as accounting
department geography department and
mathematics department I can also search
for an account by pin or code if I have
many accounts I'm going to select my
personal account as you can see here
papercut will display a confirmation
dialog with additional information about
the selected account the devices
functions such as copying will now be
tracked by paper cut to maintain account
security the Ricoh will logout
automatically if it is left inactive and
that concludes at
brief tour of papercut MF running on the
ricoh aficio
c 3002 if you're looking for more
information about our embedded solutions
and other products please be sure to
check our website at wwlp.com